feat: add kslider component [KHCP-16430] (#2773)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/slider.md

    label="How many nodes do you want to run in this cluster?"
    :min="1"
  />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const nodesCount = ref<number>(5)
</script>
```

### label

String to be used as label. Default value is empty string (`''`).

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel3"
  label="In the binary system, which value is used to represent true?"
  :max="1"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  label="In the binary system, which value is used to represent true?"
  v-model="binaryTrue"
  :max="1"
/>
```

### min

Minimum value of the range. Default value is `0`.

### max

Minimum value of the range. Default value is `10`.

### step

Step value. Default value is `1`.

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel4"
  :max="100"
  :min="40"
  show-marks
  :step="5"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  v-model="sliderValue"
  :max="100"
  :min="40"
  :step="5"
  show-marks
/>
```

### showMarks

Boolean value to control whether or not marks for every step on the range should be shown. Marks for minimum and maximum values are shown at all times.

Defaults to `false`.

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel5"
  :max="50"
  show-marks
  :step="5"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  show-marks
  v-model="sliderValue"
  :max="50"
  :step="5"
/>
```

> ### marks

Reviewer: IMO "marks" is a bit confusing; there's not an inherit relationship to "steps" here

Reviewer 2: Initially Max named it as `labels` but we both agree it may cause confusion as we already have `label`.

Reviewer 2: They are called mark texts according to [Open UI](https://open-ui.org/components/slider.research.parts/). But we do not have those little ticks on the track (which I believe are the "marks") so marks can be confusing as well…

Reviewer 3: You could call it `markLabels` or `tickLabels`. `tick` may be a little more well known than `mark`?

Reviewer: > I suggest we leave it as is as all other options feel same as this one - "a little confusing / unintuitive" 😅

I'm not sure I agree. 

This needs to imply "available option labels" 

I think the current implementation is a bit confusing, especially considering some of the issues in identifying the selected value I commented separately.

  label="API requests (monthly in millions)"
  :max="10"
  :min="1"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  :marks="[1, 3, 5, 7, 10]"
  v-model="vModel6"
  label="API requests (monthly in millions)"
  :max="10"
  :min="1"
/>
```

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel7"
  label="How likely are you to recommend Kongponents to a friend or colleague?"
  :marks="ratingMarks"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  :marks="[
    {
      label: 'Very unlikely',
      value: 0,
    },
    {
      label: 'Neither likely nor unlikely',
      value: 5,
    },
    {
      label: 'Very likely',
      value: 10,
    },
  ]"
  v-model="userRating"
  label="How likely are you to recommend Kongponents to a friend or colleague?"
/>
```

:::warning WARNING
KSlider does not handle collisions between neighboring marks content. Make sure to allocate enough horizontal room to display your custom text.
:::

### disabled

Boolean to control whether or not the input should be disabled.

<KSlider
  disabled
  v-model="vModel8"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  disabled
  v-model="sliderValue"
/>
```

### labelAttributes

Use the `labelAttributes` prop to configure the KLabel's [props](/components/label) when using the `label` prop.

## Events

> ### change

Reviewer: question: why do we need the `change` event when there is already the default `update:model-value` event fired?

Author: In case we need to hook up some logic to run once new value is selected - IMO slightly better than a watcher + it was @kaiarrowood's explicit request to have that event.

Reviewer: Is there any difference between the emitted native event and change event?

If yes, why?

# Slider

KSlider is a draggable horizontal input for selecting a numeric value within a range.

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel1"
  label="How many nodes do you want to run in this cluster?"
  :min="1"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  v-model="nodesCount"
  label="How many nodes do you want to run in this cluster?"
  :min="1"
/>
```

:::tip NOTE

> Since KSlider doesn't always convey the exact selected value, it's best suited for use cases where precision isn't critical—such as adjusting volume or rating satisfaction. For scenarios requiring precise input, use [KInput type="number"](/components/input#attribute-binding) instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
KSlider is best used in scenarios such as specifying volume or rating satisfaction, where the ranges are generally small and not all ticks/marks may be labelled. For scenarios requiring precise input in a large range, use [KInput type="number"](/components/input#attribute-binding) instead.
```

suggestion

:::

## Props

### v-model

KSlider works with `v-model` for two-way data binding.

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel2"
  label="How many nodes do you want to run in this cluster?"
  :min="1"
/>

```vue
<template>
  <KSlider
    v-model="nodesCount"
    label="How many nodes do you want to run in this cluster?"
    :min="1"
  />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const nodesCount = ref<number>(5)
</script>
```

### label

String to be used as label. Default value is empty string (`''`).

<KSlider
  v-model="vModel3"
  label="In the binary system, which value is used to represent true?"
  :max="1"
/>

```html
<KSlider
  label="In the binary system, which value is used to represent true?"
  v-model="binaryTrue"
  :max="1"
/>
```

### min

Minimum value of the range. Default value is `0`.

### max

Minimum value of the range. Default value is `10`.

### step

> Step value. Default value is `1`.

Reviewer: docs: shouldn't we document the type of these props?
